Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Maureen:
Mother of Christ.
Cammy, what are you doing here?
Please, Maureen,
can I talk to you?
Before anybody sees you,
get that child
out of the damp.
- Thank you.
- I’ve come for the boy, Mo.
Why?
Where you taking him?
Good Catholic family.
He’s already got a family.
You can’t make this
about your love for John.
This is best for now.
It’s Maureen Ashby.
Cammy Hayes
took your grandson.
- What?
- Abel’s in Belfast.
My son, he knows nothing
about John and Belfast.
- Nor does my Triny.
- Who’s Triny?
Maureen:
Trinity, my daughter.
Gemma:
What does she have
to do with John?
Maureen:
You don’t know, do you?
I was hoping to jump
to a smaller charter.
You’re thinking about
coming back to Charming?
- Yeah.
- That ends on Tig,
brother.
- Kozik? Yea.
- Nay.
Clay:
Jesus Christ, really?
I don’t trust him, man.
Tara:
Walked in on him and that
porn slut this morning.
It worked.
We’re done.
He wouldn’t be doing this
if he knew you were pregnant.
What happens
with this baby
is my decision.
I’m serious, Gemma.
No one can know.
Tell me you have my son.
I’m sorry.
I don’t, Jackson.
Every word you’ve spit
about my kid has been wrong.
Well, maybe you’ll
believe a brother.
Jax, Liam O’Neill.
Saw the Real-provost
scoop up Cammy
outside the depot.
Had no baby with him.
That’s for real.
If O’Neill lied to you,
means Belfast could be
in bed with Jimmy.
Forestry equipment...
how do you get it overseas?
I run cargo jets
out of Stockton. Why?
You want passage
to Belfast?
- You calling Jax?
- Nope, you are.
Mom, what the hell
are you doing?
I’m coming with you.
You made a deal
with the Feds!
I don’t give a shit.
Those cuffs
will be waiting for me
when I get back.
They’re looking
for the truck.
You guys take the Cutlass
and go to the plane.
No. We need you
with us, bro.
You need your mom more.
[sirens wailing]
Sam Crow’s on their way.
Good.
We’ll be ready for them.
They won’t be here long.
♪ Mo chara ♪
♪ Is mo lao thu ♪
♪ Is aisling ♪
♪ Trí néallaibh ♪
♪ Ar leaba Im aonar ♪
♪ I remember you back
in the GPO ♪
♪ With Connolly and Clarke ♪
♪ Laughing with McDermott ♪
♪ Through the bullets
and the sparks ♪
♪ Always with
the smart remark ♪
♪ Your eyes blazing blue ♪
♪ When we needed confidence ♪
♪ We always turned to you ♪
♪ And when they shot
our leaders ♪
♪ Up against Kilmainham Wall ♪
♪ You were there beside us
in that awful Easter dawn ♪
♪ Hey, big fella ♪
♪ Where the hell
are you now ♪
♪ When we need you
the most? ♪
♪ Hey, big fella ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Tabhair dom do lámh ♪
♪ On the streets of Dublin ♪
♪ When we fought
the Black and Tans ♪
♪ You were there beside us ♪
♪ A towering, mighty man ♪
♪ And God help the informer ♪
♪ Or the hated English spy ♪
♪ By Jaysus, Mick,
you’d crucify them ♪
♪ Without the blinking
of an eye ♪
♪ Still, you had
a heart as soft ♪
♪ As the early morning dew ♪
♪ Every widow, whore,
and orphan ♪
♪ Could always
turn to you ♪
♪ Hey, big fella ♪
♪ Where the hell
are you now ♪
♪ When we need you the most? ♪
♪ Hey, big fella ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Tabhair dom do lámh ♪
♪ Mo chara ♪
♪ Is mo lao thu ♪
♪ Is aisling ♪
♪ Tri néallaibh ♪
♪ We had to turn
against you, Mick ♪
♪ There was nothing
we could do ♪
♪ ’Cause we couldn’t
betray the republic ♪
♪ Like Arthur Griffith
and you ♪
♪ And though we had
to shoot you down ♪
♪ In golden Béal na Blath ♪
♪ I always knew
that Ireland ♪
♪ Lost her greatest
son of all ♪
♪ Hey, big fella ♪
♪ Where the hell
are you now ♪
♪ When we need you the most? ♪
♪ Big fella ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Tabhair dom do lámh ♪
♪ Hey, big fella ♪
♪ Where the hell
are you now... ♪
Too long, brother.
Good to see you, Keith.
Travel well?
Ah, we’re all in one piece.
All right.
Great, great.
It’s good to see you!
Look at you.
You little bastard.
Come here!
It’s grand to see you, son.
Uncle. I’m really glad
you’re here, mate.
The last time
I seen this wee shite...
Oh, Jesus.
...he was in nappies.
I was 15 at the time.
How’s my girls?
The priest stashed
Fi and Kerrianne
at St. Matt’s Rectory.
They’re safe.
Meet’s being arranged.
You’re good boys.
Thank you.
Hey, this thing
with O’Neill– we okay?
Missed you, mate.
Yeah.
All right. Let’s get you
fellas home, huh?
[lock rattles,
door opens]
Where’s my lawyer?
I don’t know.
Maybe she’s in Belfast.
That’s very funny.
Not as funny as speeding,
uh, reckless endangerment,
obstruction of justice–
Hey, hey, you know,
speeding, maybe,
but everything else
is just hearsay.
Bail’s been posted.
Who?
Ah, Doc, thanks.
Sure.
Can we go?
Get his stuff.
This way.
Hey, I handed over
our information
to the FBI.
They’re going to be
talking to hospital personnel
today about Gemma’s escape.
I know.
But if there’s
something maybe you forgot
to tell us yesterday,
it’s understandable.
You could catch me up now,
and I’ll make sure
the Feds know
it was our oversight.
I didn’t forget anything.
You’re a doll.
Thanks.
Uh, somebody else
is going to have to pick up
that tow truck
from the impound.
Your license
has been suspended.
What? Why?
You took three arms
of law enforcement
on a 100-mile-an-hour
goose chase.
It’ll be two years before
you’re behind a wheel.
Are you serious?
How the hell
am I supposed to work?
How am I going to ride?
Come on, man.
You’ll be dead before
I get that license back.
- Get him out of here.
- Come on.
We’ll call the garage,
have somebody pick
you up at impound.
Bullshit.
What the hell is that?
Police Services,
Northern Ireland.
As long as they got I.D.,
they should be okay.
Out here, they ain’t
going to bother running it
through Interpol.
What do we do here?
Random stop.
Just keep it light.
Smile and show them
your passport.
Identification.
Hey, we’re just showing
our American brothers
the beautiful
Irish countryside, Officer.
Identification.
You.
You. You.
- You heard him.
- You.
Come on.
Take that one.
Officer:
Right here.
Get it.
You have it?
Come on. Let’s go.
- [man mutters]
- You, too.
Okay, just wait
right there.
This is bad.
- Christ.
- Let’s go.
Goddamn it.
Down!
Down on the ground! Now!
What’s the worry here, lads?
Yank brothers
fled jurisdiction
from California.
We’ll be detaining them.
You, here,
on the ground now!
Get down!
- Down! Down!
- You heard him.
- On the ground!
Right here.
Don’t make sense.
They wouldn’t be able
to get the intel,
not that quick.
On your knees.
Dirty Loyalist bastard.
[men shouting]
Oh, shit.
Bobby:
Damn it.
Get them in the van now!
Move! Move!
Move them out!
Move it! Get in there!
- In the van now!
- All right, all right.
Move!
Open up the back.
Come on.
Where are
they going to take them?
Jesus, after that ruckus,
these assholes
will probably just
shoot them and dump them,
blame it on the life.
Move it out.
- Step on the gas.
- What?
Just step on the gas!
You heard the lady,
Luther.
I ain’t going to
broadside no police.
Run ’em off the road!
Jesus!
Mother of God!
You’re out of
your bloody mind,
woman!
Holy shit!
- Take ’em out!
- Stay!
[men shouting]
The keys!
Come on.
Out with him.
Stay down, don’t move.
- Come on, get ’em out.
- All right, boys.
You’re fine.
Come on.
- Is everybody okay?
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Here you go, mate.
Yeah! Yeah!
Holy shit.
What the hell was that?
Welcome to Ireland.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this world ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Where’d you get
the intel on us?
I’m a police officer.
Yeah, then how come
your buddies took off?
What happened to backup?
Well, they got scared
’cause shit went south.
Who paid you off?
No, Jackie Boy,
this is mine.
All right, all right,
all right, all right.
Now...
you ever want to chew
with those teeth again,
you’re going to open up.
Aren’t you?
- Hap.
- Yeah.
Kill one of his men.
Oh, yes, I will.
- Wait, wait. No!
- We were paid.
We were paid to detain you,
send you back to the States.
Jimmy O’Phelan?
I don’t know who.
Hap.
I swear on my mother’s eyes
we didn’t get a name,
only money and the task.
It’s that bastard O’Phelan.
Yeah.
I guess
he knows we’re here.
Well, we got to do
something about all this,
’cause I don’t think
we’re going to get them
through duty-free.
Pull their IDs.
Come on, get out.
Lay down.
Now we know your name.
Charles.
And now my boys
know where you live.
I’d hate for
anything to happen
to that pretty family
’cause their da
was on the take.
We can ruin your career...
and we can definitely
ruin your life.
Understand?
Aye.
Let’s go.
Picking you up
wasn’t my idea.
Talk to Piney.
Shit.
Two years.
No riding, no vote.
Don’t worry,
I’ll let you ride
bitch with me.
That’s gonna be tough,
you being up in Tacoma.
I ain’t ever,
ever letting you
patch Sam Crow.
It’s been eight years,
douchebag.
Yeah, and not a day goes by
I don’t think about her.
Not one.
Jacob:
You were supposed
to transport Gemma
to County.
Thinking I helped her,
you’re wrong.
Well, someone’s
been helping ’em.
They got tipped off
about the raid.
Their bail hearing
was pushed.
I thought we were on
the same page here.
We are.
I’m not helping Sam Crow.
Got to be more than that.
You have to be willing
to hurt ’em, Wayne.
You’re a police chief,
they’re felons.
I’m very aware
of our current standings.
- Salazar: Cabrón!
- What the hell is that?
I ain’t the one
you should be
dragging to jail.
Sons killed Pozo, huh?
Why ain’t you doing
nothing about that, huh?
Hector Salazar,
Calaveras MC.
Why ain’t you doing
nothing about the Sons?
Come on, I just–
I just want to see my boy!
I want to bury my boy.
Roughed up an admin
at St. Thomas.
Pissed off they wouldn’t
release his dead buddy
Pozo Fuentes–
guy who shot the kid.
D.A. needs to confirm
cause of death.
- Anybody hurt?
- No.
Sounds like Hector’s
got a strong opinion about
how his friend died.
Good for Hector.
He’s a county problem.
Thanks.
[engines rumbling]
[men shouting
and whistling]
Hey, nice one!
Welcome brother.
Brother.
Who’s that woman?
Gemma Teller.
That’s Jax?
Aye, has to be.
Well, welcome.
Maureen.
Jax.
Hey.
Welcome.
Thank you.
Gemma.
Oh, this is Trinity,
my daughter.
Gemma.
Clay.
- Yeah.
- Nice to meet you.
Hi, I’m Jax.
Think we spoke on the phone.
You go on. Watch
the register now.
Glad you’re here.
I’ll see you later.
Didn’t expect you
to make the journey.
Neither did the Feds.
Where’s my grandson?
Come on upstairs,
we’ll have a cup of tea.
I don’t want
any goddamn tea.
This is my home, Gemma.
Wee bit of respect
would go a long way.
You got coffee?
Aye.
Cammy brought
the baby to me.
He knew he was in deep shit
with the club and the Army.
Set a meeting
with my brother.
Wanted a pass
from the priest.
Aye.
He didn’t get one.
After that, Kellan took
Abel to keep him safe.
Then let’s go talk to Kellan.
No, he knows where you are.
He’ll find you.
- So we just wait?
- Aye.
Your questions will be
answered soon enough.
Look, I’m sorry this
has happened to you.
I can’t imagine the pain
you must be feeling.
Liam:
Nothing we could do.
Pissers folded like girls.
Didn’t give anything up.
Charming don’t trust me,
Jimmy.
I can smell it on ’em.
And McGee?
Shite, I don’t know
if he’s got
the heart for this.
I don’t need heart!
I need gut and brains!
They ran some psych evals,
gave me some meds
and spit me out.
I don’t mind jail,
I just like it here better.
Yeah, me, too.
Tig: Where’s
my five-eighth socket?
Kozik: I got it.
Hey, those aren’t
your goddamn tools.
- Blow me.
- What?
- I said blow me.
- I need that socket.
Kozik: I don’t have
your goddamn socket.
God, what is up
with those two?
Not sure,
but judging by their
level of malevolence,
there’s got to be at least
one vagina involved.
Thanks for the insight.
I’ll go check the clubhouse
for the receivables.
Piece of shit.
You’re going to respect...
What does that even mean?
You know what it means.
Why don’t you
talk to me like
a human being?
Tig:
Tinkerbell.
- Hey.
- Hi.
I just want to say
I’m sorry
about what happened
yesterday with Ima.
It’s not your fault.
I, um, saw you hit her.
Thank you for that.
My pleasure.
Um, can I ask a favor?
Okay.
I need a good clinic
for an abortion.
Some place you can
get in quick, pay cash.
How far along are you?
Not far.
About eight weeks.
I can’t think
of any offhand.
What about Kettleman?
They only take HMOs.
I don’t want this
on the books.
Word gets out, could hurt
potential gigs.
I’ll ask around.
Cool. Thanks.
Does, um, Opie know?
No.
Timing’s just not right.
I’ve been here before, Doc.
The tip about
the scrips was good.
I know what I saw.
I believe you.
What’s this?
I know your refinishing
business is struggling.
Consider it
a small business loan.
I get a feeling
this conversation’s about
to take a hard right turn.
You grew up in Charming,
Ernie.
Your home and your shop
are both here,
but until recently,
your primary business
had to be conducted
beyond our borders.
- Not anymore!
- I know that.
And I can help you
show this town
you’ve turned over
a new leaf.
So just how dirty
do I have get
to be as clean
as you, Mr. Hale?
You help my business,
I help yours.
200 block,
Liberty Street.
Four shops.
A commercial interest
I’m associated with
currently owns three
of the properties.
What, you need
all four to build hotels?
Something like that.
200 block,
that’s pawn shop,
Lumpy’s Gym...
It’s that stubborn old Jew,
isn’t it?
You need him out.
It’s an extremely
time-sensitive issue.
It needs to be
handled right away.
That’s for expenses.
And if I say no?
Just leave the envelope.
Had to be Jimmy,
bought off the cops.
Why would Jimmy
want to deport you?
I don’t know,
but he’s been lying to us
the whole time.
You guys been having any
problems with the Army?
Nope. Still running
protection for weapons in
and out of Dungloe.
It’s our main gig.
Got one tomorrow.
We got to find Jimmy.
You should talk
to the priest.
Kellan won’t download
his Army intel on outsiders.
Call like that will get you
an ass kicking from the Caseys.
We got visitors.
[vehicles approach]
God, it’s my girls.
Hi.
Hi, how’re you doing?
Jesus, look at ya.
♪ Oh, shiny eyes ♪
♪ To my surprise ♪
♪ You’re still my one ♪
♪ Oh, shiny eyes ♪
♪ To my surprise ♪
♪ You’re still my one ♪
I have no idea why Jimmy lied.
I’m not privy to his plans.
He doesn’t trust me anymore.
Do you at least know what he’s
been up to since he got back?
Recruiting.
He’s at his bar in Newry
pretty much day and night.
Jax:
What about O’Neill?
He on Jimmy’s
permanent payroll?
Not that I know of.
But like I said, last few
months, been in the dark.
Sorry I have
nothing that helps.
It’s okay.
Thank you.
[door opens]
Start wrapping it up, Fi.
Need to get back.
Kellan wants us
to stay at the rectory.
It’s like a bloody fortress.
Jimmy really gonna
try to hurt us, Ma?
Hey, no one’s ever
gonna hurt my baby.
I’ll make sure of that.
Can’t they stay for a while?
They just got here.
Church is nearby, right?
We can get ’em back safe.
You lads armed?
Tonight then.
Hey, thanks.
Snap him!
Throw, one-two!
Now that’s it!
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
What do you want, Darby?
God, I haven’t
been in this place in years.
It hasn’t changed a bit.
And you thought now is
a good time for a visit?
Listen, some friends of mine
wanted me to encourage you
to consider their generous
offer to buy this place.
It must be hard
to make friends
with this kind
of hate on your chest.
Yeah, I guess it must push
a few buttons for you, huh?
I don’t have any more buttons.
You got something
you got to do,
you come back after
I close and do it.
Don’t be an idiot, Feldstein.
If it isn’t me,
it’s gonna be somebody else.
Take the money,
move to the desert,
retire with the rest
of the old Jews.
I appreciate
your concern for my future,
but I retire when I die.
[bell dings]
[groans]
This jet lag’s
kicking my ass.
Brought you some coffee.
[Gemma groans]
Right.
We should talk.
Aye.
Gemma:
I was holding on to this
pathetic hope all the way here:
maybe you were
wrong about Trinity.
But one look...
She’s got his eyes
and his smile.
Did he know?
Yes.
Jesus Christ.
I was 18!
I didn’t know
what I was doing.
Neither did he.
Look, I’ve no delusions
about you and I being friends.
I just think a lot
of hate right now
is no good to anybody.
The shit between us,
it needs to stay buried.
Seems no matter how deep
I bury that shit...
someone always digs it up.
The truth about John
will only distract Jax.
That’s not a good idea.
Not now.
Thanks for the coffee.
[knocking on door]
Hi.
My ma doesn’t trust this place
to lay out clean sheets.
Good to know.
Thanks.
Gonna be a rough one,
isn’t it?
I don’t know.
I’m sorry about your son.
Wasn’t here when
my uncle showed up.
Ma didn’t want to tell me.
Can you blame her?
How old are you?
22.
You look younger.
That a problem?
Chibs is gonna take Fi and
Kerrianne back to St. Matt’s.
Fine. Tell ’em to wait for me.
I’m going with them.
I better come with you.
Don’t want you lads
getting lost in the big city.
[phone rings]
Teller Morrow.
- Tig!
- What?
Lumpy Feldstein on three.
Move.
Lump.
- What happened?
- Nothing.
Find another bitch.
Whoever wants me out,
they turn up the heat.
They sent Darby
to rough me up.
But he didn’t, right?
No, not yet.
But like he said, if it’s not
him, it’d be someone else.
Lump, don’t you worry
about a thing.
We’ll keep you safe.
Ah, I’m not looking
for a babysitter.
I just want someone to know
what’s going on in case
something happens here.
Nothing’s gonna happen, okay?
We’re on it.
- All right?
- Okay.
All right, thanks, boys.
All right, all right.
Come on.
Hey...
that right cross
is looking a little weak.
I can help you get it back.
Oh, you mean the right cross
that did that to your eye.
No, this shot was
from a lucky knee, dude.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I don’t blame you.
I’d be afraid to get
in the ring with me, too.
I am so gonna beat
your dumb blond ass.
Take off your rings.
How long you gonna
stay with the priest?
Not sure.
Listen, there’s plenty
of room on Oswald’s plane,
so you’re coming back with us.
I don’t want
to leave Ireland.
Sweetheart, it’s not for long.
It’s just till
all this blows over.
And when’s that?
[tires screech]
What’s he doing?
[horn honks twice]
- Get down!
[screaming]
Stay down.
Go, go, go!
[tires squeal]
[door opens, shuts]
Girls okay?
Yeah, Casey picked ’em up.
Their back at the rectory.
Any idea who the shooter was?
Had to have been Jimmy.
No, it wasn’t.
It was the UVF.
The Ulster Volunteers are
radical Loyalists.
They know that Fiona’s
with Jimmy,
so they’ve probably
been stalking her
since she showed up here.
O’Neil:
Them and the P&P’s
bloody overwhelmed.
All the recruiting Jimmy’s
been doing down south.
So they gun down
women and children.
If they wanted to kill you,
you’d be dead.
Trust me on that, brother.
He’s right.
The UVF was using Fiona
to send a message
to Jimmy to cease and desist.
Jesus Christ.
We ain’t in
Charming anymore, boys.
Do you have a minute?
Thank you.
I gave the FBI my statement.
Don’t worry.
I didn’t change my mind.
Oh, thank you.
This is about something else.
A friend of mine needs a
procedure, probably an MVA,
but it has to be discreet.
She doesn’t want
to report it to her HMO.
It’s a job thing.
There’s a family center in
Merced County that will do
abortions anonymously.
Can she get an appointment
quickly?
I’ll make a call.
Thank you.
I guess your friend is gonna
need some down time afterwards?
I’ll make sure it’s covered.
Wait. You think this
is about me?
It’s none of my business,
but if it was,
I’d tell you that you
were doing the right thing.
Why, because you think
the father’s a criminal?
Because I think the mother’s
uncertain about her future...
and she knows that
it would be an unstable
environment for a baby.
[door closes]
♪ [Spanish rap] ♪
[music stops]
You want to tell me why
you gave my girl
the money to bail me out?
We got a lot
in common, Hector.
We both lost someone
’cause of the Sons of Anarchy.
We both want
that debt settled.
What do you want from me?
I want to give you
two grand now, two later,
for a few hours of your time.
Yeah!
Who’s next, huh?
[laughs]
Me!
Prince Charming.
Let’s fight.
Let’s go.
You’re gonna knock him out.
Don’t you worry
about that.
Don’t want him messing
up that pretty face.
It’s him that should be
worried about that.
Just watch.
Wrap you up?
Thank you.
Least I can do.
That’s true.
Pretty much took a bullet
for you today.
Trinity:
Aye, you’re my hero.
Jax:
You’re good
at this.
Hey, you want take me
to your luxury suite?
You want to watch your boy
defend the club’s honor?
Nah.
I’d rather watch
my man’s big dick.
What about your ticker?
Fully medicated.
[Clay groans]
Hey, babe.
Make him bleed.
Where’s your mom?
She ain’t much for parties.
[crowd clamoring]
Let’s go, lad.
Come on.
You ready?
Punk.
Come on.
Yeah, come on,
Jackie Boy.
[crowd groans]
Come on.
[groaning]
[inhales, exhales]
Take that.
You gonna be
all right to drive?
Or not drive?
Shut up.
Come here.
Okay, Shepherd, you got
the first watch with Lumpy.
How long?
All night.
He sleeps back there
in that room.
Right.
Uh...
Hey, you got a gun?
No.
Should I?
You shoot it, you own it.
Think I’m gonna
have to shoot it?
- I could stay, too.
- Did we tell you to stay?
I’m not staying.
You’ll be fine, dude.
Yeah, no shit.
Get out of here.
Here, Jax.
Thank you.
[all laughing]
[men shouting]
I’m gonna hit the shower.
Mom and Dad are
rockin’ the casbah.
They got the facilities
tied up.
You can use our bath.
At least the water
will be almost-warm.
All right. Sounds good.
Sounds good, doesn’t it?
Don’t forget to
scrub his back, darlin’!
Your uncle?
Aye.
Jax Teller.
Jackson.
Father Kellan.
Well...
better clean yourself up.
Sean here’ll see you make
it to St. Matt’s
in one piece this time.
We can talk there.
Okay.
I’ll see you later.
You need to put
your ma to bed.
Love you, Ma.
[clattering]
[glass shattering]
Lumpy:
What the hell?
Son of a bitch!
What are you doing?!
You tell the Sons– nobody
messes with the Mayans.
[door opens, shuts]
[Shepard panting]
Oh, shit!
Thanks again for this.
I don’t really have
any people except Ope.
It’s okay.
I don’t mind.
You must think
I’m a freak, right?
Porn star, baby killer...
I don’t think that.
You sure you want
to go through with it?
Yeah.
I love Ope.
Be nice to have kids
with him someday.
But not now.
Donna’s ghost looms
pretty large in that house.
Ope tries to let me in, but...
the fear of something awful
always keeps me on the outside.
I don’t really know the guy.
Administrator:
Sarah Palin?
I guess that’s me.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Administrator:
Denise will take you back.
Thank you.
[door closes]
Excuse me.
Mm-hmm?
I’d like to schedule
an appointment.
A follow-up for your friend?
No, for me, actually.
I’m about seven weeks along.
Oh, sure, hon.
Let’s get you set up here.
Thank you.
Let’s go.
Bet to the pass.
I’m in...
CLAY:
Hang on, hang on.
$2,000 is the bet.
[men groaning]
Ten of D!
- Hi.
- Hey.
Want some tea?
Sure.
Why not?
Another two.
Aw, Jesus...
Drive by.
Nearly deported.
This is just day one.
[laughs]
Just another vacation.
How you doin’?
Okay.
You know, we’re gonna
find the kid.
I know.
CLAY:
Full house.
[men groaning, laughing]
I might’ve
rigged the games.
Come to papa.
[all talking at once]
Can I keep these?
Yeah, it’s all yours.
Very nice.
[chuckles]
It’s good to see him smile.
He’s a whole different guy
when you’re not around.
You know, you’re gonna
have to take care of him,
Bobby, when I’m gone.
He trusts you
more than anyone.
Hey...
there is no reason to go
to the scary place, Gemma.
We’re all right here.
Okay?
Yeah... okay.
Come here.
How about that tea?
[men laughing]
[engine idling]
[revs engine]
[tires squealing]
[music plays,
indistinct conversations]
[phone ringing]
O’Neill.
Aye?
Hold that.
Hello?
Think we need to put today’s
little setback behind us.
Talk about tomorrow’s
Dungloe run.
Right.
Donny here will work out the
details with O’Neill.
You good with that, brother?
Aye.
O’Neill.
Hope you’re sober enough
to remember this.
Better write this
down, yeah?
Maureen said you have my son.
Well, I know
where he is, yes.
Where?
He’s...
He’s safe.
Far from Belfast.
What the hell
does that mean?
Do you have Abel or not?
Your son was in danger.
That threat is still present.
Jimmy.
- Aye.
- Why?
He has no reason
to hurt my kid.
Oh, he has many.
What I’m about
to tell you, Jackson,
is a very volatile subject.
The words I say,
only God can be a witness.
You understand?
Jimmy O’Phelan wants to end
the Army’s relationship
with the Sons of Anarchy,
wants to cut off
the Belfast Charter
from any future work.
Stop dealing guns in Charming.
Running protection
is Sambel’s main gig.
It’s why my dad helped
set up the charter.
Well, Jimmy wants to keep
that income in his pocket.
Wants to start selling
your guns to the Russians
up in Oregon
for greater profit.
Everything Jimmy does...
is for profit.
What does that have
to do with my kid?
The Army council have come
to a very difficult decision.
Jimmy’s greed
and arrogance
has become a hindrance both
internally and politically.
You experienced
a vivid example
of that hatred tonight.
You’re gonna get rid of him.
Well...
Jimmy is enmeshed in so many
things that define us,
if word got out
that we had killed
one of our own leaders,
there will be chaos.
The Loyalists would
have a field day.
But if someone from
the outside killed him...
Vengeance of
a distraught father.
Something every Irishman
would understand.
And Jimmy knew that
if we came here,
you and me would be
having this conversation.
He knows a line’s been drawn.
That’s why he lied
to you about the baby;
why he tried
to get you deported;
and now you’re here,
why he wants that
little one as leverage.
He is a grave threat
to both our families.
You kill Jimmy O’Phelan
and I promise
I will make sure
Abel goes home in the arms
of his loving family.
♪ [singing in Gaelic] ♪